I
richer doesn't say that because he rose
on this first day of the week that that
should replace God's Sabbath because God
says i am the lord i changed not his
textures points out six day product
seventh day saturday first day sunday
remember the seventh day Sabbath
saturday to keep it home so somebody
says pass / that's clear that's clear I
cannot debate that from Scripture that
is clear but then they say what
difference does a day make
well let me answer your question to work
with another question I'm sure we could
ask Adam and Eve what difference does
fruit mate
God said don't eat it don't touch it
unless you die God rested on the seventh
day why he chose the seven-day that's
his business he's got but God is a God
of specifics whatever is just fruit make
let's ask Cain and Abel what difference
doesn't sacrifice me God is a God of
specifics and we like to say in the
Christian community well God didn't
accept Cain's offering because it was
not Kane's best that's not true God
didn't accept Cain's offering because
Cain did not give God what God asked for
God asks for a land because remember
there can be no sacrifice without the
shedding of blood love hey Brock his
best fruit best grains and vegetables
I'm sure it looked good it probably
tasted good but God couldn't accept it
because it was not what God asphalt well
pastor my ministry my church is good
choir sings good preacher preaches good
the fellowship is real good and it just
might be but you got to give God what
God yes
what difference does it they make all I
know is God said it and that